FeelingLow.com

The plan is to create a website that can help people who are currently in a low
state. Hopefully with my knowledge and experience of human behaviour, I may be able
to create a website that can, even if it has a little impact help people at
difficult times and prevent them from taking bad decisions that can change their lives
and of their loved ones. 

Cause and need:
Sad and depressed people dont turn to others for help. They keep it inside 
untill its too late. The only thing they take help from, is the internet.
Being in such situations, i have observed the need and its very scarce to find 
something that helps.
I also observed that there is a gradual process to get someone out of things.
If we try to make someone happy in a single go, it dosent work. 
I observed the need of gradual steps.
I wont be a Phd in the subject, but my experience had made me capable to get
some people out of their tough times.
We can use social engineering for creating addicting apps and hacking. Why not
in helping people in their difficult times
Need
1. Increasing Suicide cases.
2. Decreasing Social support.
3. Increased number of lonely people.
4. Increased number of mental health cases.
5. Lack of help seaking by suffering people.
6. Telling someone that you are having issues like depression is a taboo in India.


Features.
1. Starters. 
   This section contains short 10 sec funny videos, that can just give a small boost
   to continue.
2. Escape
   Features like camping videos, happy people pics, babies or any other cam be 
   added to make a person forget the things troubling him.
3. Challenge.
   The page can be made as a challenge. So that people stick to it till end.
   At end they will eventually be either happy or satisfied(because of completing
   the challenge). Both of these will give a person enough dopamine to get rid of
   bad thoughts.
4. Motivation
   After starters we can provide a set of 5 min videos having a bit of motivation factor.
   Real life examples can be added.
5. Purpose.
   People helping others in difficult scenarios can induce a sense of worthyness
   to the society. Videos of real life heroes can help for this purpose.
6. Gratitude
   We can include things that induce gratitude and make one feel a bit at a better place.
7. Travel to Nirvana
   We go to the roots and try to send a person back to basics. Back to happy memories
   and make him conscious of what really matters. Studies or family, health or
   stress. This can be achieved by a music therapy. We can simply play popular 
   songs of a year that the user enters accoring to best year of his life. These songs
   will be a hit or trial to short circuit his neurons back to those memories.
8. Satisfaction dose
   Small tasks can be provided to just get a bit of dopamine reward.
9. Back to basics.
   In this world of constant overstimulation due to colors, a simple and basic
   Html only web page can be soothing and a symbol of simplicity. It can be a
   statement that things dont need to be complicated to work. It has a huge
   symbolizing meaning.

If the idea scales, we can uses ML in understanding patterns and providing
better help.

Note:
Cant we use hackers for this purpose. If the response of user seems to be a bad
sign, i.e the user is unstable and can take any bad decision. The case can be 
sent to hackers that just get a contact number of their parents or local police, to
prevent any mishap. This seems a bit sensless, but while we are focusing on making
sense of AI tech, why cant we make sense of such an initiative. Cyber police 
can be used for the same.
   